The esiest thing to do is operate the op amps using a bias at VDD/2.  Add the bias at the beginning and remove it at the end and between each stage too just like that design tha tyou found online

For the blocking cap, you don't need a massive cap,just use 0.1 uF and a big resistor like 10 K and you should be good.

The input amp from the example works, but idk why there is another blocking cap at the output considering we are now working with the virtual ground.
The point of the input amp is to use a non-inverting amp (potentially unity but depends on attentuation due to input loading from cap) the input and add a DC bias which is the virtual ground so idk.
We really only need another blocking cap at the output no?

You need to use resistors to separate logical voltage nodes, that's why summing node is separated from the inputs using a resistor

I more or less built the non-invering input amp and it produces the input waveform but shifted to exactly 2.5 V.  I really don't know why we need the interstage caps but maybe we do?  Something to investigate as we build this thing sequentially

The good thing is that I think a simple split rail power supply should be fine.  JUST DON'T DRIVE ANY LOADS USING THE VIRTUAL GROUND

Ohhh so the BPF R3 cannot sink to VGND so it sinks to the real GND.  Perhaps this is why we need interstage caps.  I still don't know how the VGND offset does not affect the output.  We need to test this.

DO NOT ADD THE SECOND 47 K from int audio input volltage divier!  It breaks the virtual ground!

at the input you can also use a simple inverintg amp after the cap with a unity gain and V+ = VGND.  This will strip the input bias and add the VGND bias with unity gain.

Use unit gain for the input amp/  Don't worry if the audio is super small on highest volume even at the output, your cheap headphone cable is just garbage.

Unfortunately the 0.1uF caps are cutting out the bass, so just use the big 10uF or 470 uF or 47 uF cap with a 10K resistor.
Technically it's an LPF with f = 1/2piRC so bigger R and C is lower cutoff (closer to 0 V DC bias). 10 uF and 10K will get you 2 Hz cutoff.  1K + 10uF is not enough.  You can also go 47uF and 10K to get 0.33 Hz cutoff.  Use this for all blocking caps + resistors
470uF and 10K is also good but 470s are big

The ground under R3 in the BPF can be either VGND (VDD / 2) or GND (0 V).  It doesn't matter which one (not really sure why by whatevs).  Just make sure that the positive input of the op and is connected to VGND, which means that you don't need a cap after the preamp (before the BPF inputs).

Buy 100 K POTs to agree with the blocking cap + resistor sizes. 100 K also gives us more leeway with amplification.
Nevermind just go wuith 10 K POTs and use a big cap like 470 uF.
Although, you really can't go wrong with 100 K.  It lets you use bigger blocking resistors.  Everything just scales proportionally.
Seeing as how we will have to prototype it after buysing the stuff, 100 K may be safer.
We really may need a lot of amplification to drive headphones, so 100 K is safer.
